Information from meeting:

    2 week cycle for the forms. All forms received in the past 2 weeks get processed. - 2 week intervals
    
    Save drafts of expenses app
    
    backbone/core of app: added form to a database, so it is saved, just not really sent anywhere
    
    Get an app that works, even if its very basic
    
    Get a spokesperson on the team to directly contact FDM personal. Leaving card at meeting.
    
    Receiving a copy of the policy
    
    Information after meeting:
    
    Develop a login page first
    
    Host a server for database on someones laptop to prove that it works
    
    Using flutter for the app
    
    Questions and answers:

Questions for the Client:

    1. What platform would you like us to make the app on, android or ios?
    
    2. How to make a claim/ what makes a claim
    
    3. What does the "2 week expenses process" entail?
    
    4. Does the app have to handle expenses in every single currency, or is there only a need to focus on the main ones?
    
    
            4a. How should the calculations be handled re. conversions? ie. convert        everything to a single unified currency (GBP) for calculating the overall total expenses?
    
    5. username `can` be an email, can it be something else too? or is it just going to be an email?
    
    6. what is the enforced password policy?
    
    7. who can unlock a locked user account and how? (ideally only admin can email user a password reset link that unlocks it)
    
    
     8. when evidence is exported from travel apps such as Trailine:
        	8a.  is the exported document to be formatted in any specific way?
    
        	8b.  if yes, then the exporting process may need to be done separately for each travel app
    
    9. are received notifications by email, through the app, or both? (or it depends on the notification)
    
    10. photos taken as evidence are taken as is - should the app also suggest some fields to be filled out for each photo?
        	- such as cost, location, item(s) expensed...
    	
    11. the maybe dumb question: is the 2 week expense process just you have 2 weeks to expense your claims? ))



Answers:

1. Having the app being able to be used on IOS and Android
2. Travel claims
    A. record expenses, could be train, car fuel, plane etc. relay the cost of the travel. 
    B. Enter two postcodes to track the distance, 25p per mile
    C. Allowance of £20 for dinner £15 for breakfast the next day
    D. staff/client entertainment (Event/table at awards/client out for dinner) - typically pre approved [not really mandatory, but can be on the app for future development]
3. 2 week cycle for the forms. All forms received in the past 2 weeks get processed. - 2 week intervals
4. Fill in multiple forms dependant on where you go (currency dependant). E.g. if you go to france, you would fill out a form for the money spent in the uk, and another form for the money you spent in france. This would then be converted to gdp from euro.
5. keep username as email
6. strong but memorable password
7. email reset of password (email format = FirstnameLastname@fdm.co.uk)
8. N/A
9. N/A
10. N/A
11. N/A
